# Stakeholder Engagement

> Identifying the primary users of the platform, current landscape of capabilities available to the and the end goals for their requirements.

## Primary Objectives

Collect insights from the stakeholders to build the following **levels of information**:

- **Possible Usage** by end users of the platform
- **Information Layers** required on the platform
- **Depth and Breath** of information on the platform

## Research Boundaries

The research should attempt to address the following questions: 

`Level 1` - **What**

- What are the outputs the the end users want interact with based on information inputs?
- What are the different kinds of data and/or information that users are seeking?
- What are the purposes for which users are planning to use this data and/or information?
- What are the different kinds of platforms, tools are the users already engaging with?
- What is the overall state of the data and/or information in the ecosystem?

`Level 2` - **Why**
- Why are the stakeholders engaging with this data and/or information?
- Why are the stakeholders engaging with certain type of data/information over other?

`Level 3` - **How**
- How are interacting with child education data and/or information?
- How are stakeholders currently engaging with existing data and/or information platforms?
- How can the data and/or information aid stakeholders better?
- How can the information drive civic engagement and participation in the cause of child education?

## Additional Information

The following resources with provide support information

- Existing data and research previously undertaken for similar challenges
- Exploring existing tooling and infrastructure used in the geographical region
- Secondary research and analysis of various global education data platforms 

## Exercise Outputs

The exercise will aim to provide a base requirements list and information to plan the platform development.

The outputs will also help define the following indicators to move towards:
- Scale of **Adoption**
- Scale of **Development**
- Scale of **Impact**
