# Stakeholder Questionnaire

### Basic Information

`Q.` Select the ~stakeholder~ you identify as the the most?

`Q.` Select the Northern Alliance Region you belong to?

`Q.` Are you directly interacting with children as a part of your work?

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No

`Q.` How long have you been work in the domain child education?

`Q.` Which Age Group do you belong to? (`optional`)

`Q.` Which Gender do you primarily identify as?  (`optional`)

### Current Usage Patterns

`Q.` How often have you been interacting with any data and/or information related to child education in your area?

- [ ] Daily
- [ ] Weekly
- [ ] Monthly
- [ ] Quarterly
- [ ] Yearly
- [ ] Never / Rarely

`Q.` If yes, can you mention the name of the sources of data and/or information here?
> If there are multiple sources, please share all names seprated by commas. URLs will be a plus.

`Q.` Have often you been using any data platforms related to child education in your work?

- [ ] Daily
- [ ] Weekly
- [ ] Monthly
- [ ] Quarterly
- [ ] Yearly
- [ ] Never / Rarely

`Q.` If yes, can you mention the name of the platform(s) here?
> If there are multiple platforms, please share all names seprated by commas. URLs will be a plus.

### User Requirements

`Q.` What kind of information do you seek or prefer to know related to your child education in your area?

`Q.` How

**Possible Questions**

- Kind of information (format / tooling)
- Ease of use ratings
- Want to know information (format / tooling)
- Are you generating any information?

## General Questions

`Q.` According to you, how can we effectively understand the impact of child poverty on education within urban and rural contexts?

`Q.` How could any data and/or information available on the platform can be made more actionable for you?

`Q.` According to you, what changes ih the data and/or information ecosystem would have a positive impact in the education space?

## Further Communication

`Q.` Would you like to know the results of this survey? If yes, please add you e-mail below.

`Q.` Would you be open to participating in a 1-on-1 interview to capture further information to build the solution?

- [ ] Yes
- [ ] No
